argocd - update argocd version (#884)
argoproj/argo-helm: charts/argo-cd/templates/NOTES.txt

{{- if .Values.configs.repositoryCredentials }}
WARNING: You are using configs.repositoryCredentials parameter that's DEPRECATED
Instead, use configs.repositoryTemplates and/or configs.repositories parameters

> 

Reviewer: What about print the url to read more about this? 
-> https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#legacy-behaviour

> {{- if .Values.configs.repositoryCredentials }}

Reviewer: What about also check for `server.config.repositories`?

> WARNING: You are using configs.repositoryCredentials parameter that's DEPRECATED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: You are using configs.repositoryCredentials and/or server.config.repositories parameter that are DEPRECATED
```
